>> Mike North: We're starting to get to
the way a native app looks and feels.
Here's another one,
Home Screen Icons, right?
We want to have a nice home screen icon,
not just a minimized like snapshot
of like the layout of the page,
that's often what you get by default.
So here's a little cheat sheet for
you for different.
I don't need to, yes I've got the seven
on there, but a cheat sheet for
square dimensions that you need
to have for all of these devices.
The big nit picky thing is the image
has to be exactly the right size or
the device will often behave as
if you provided no image at all.
The stars have to align just perfectly.
You have to give it an image,
it has to be able to download it and
then it has to be the perfect size.
It will not try to resize it for you.
It wants it, the idea is they're
encouraging people to make it pixel
perfect so these icons look great.
That is Apple and Android wanting
your home screen to look beautiful.
So and you create meta tags
that look like this for Apple.
Older versions of Android have
meta tags that you can use, but
more and more the way forward
is that web app manifests,
where you have that icons array and
you can specify different things there.
For things like iOS that don't
read this web app manifest yet,
there is a great tried and
tested library called Add to
Home Screen that basically will
float down this little bubble.
And this little tick at the bottom will
point right to the location of the Share
button on that specific device for
that specific OS version.
They've gone and figured out
exactly what the layout should be.
It's even orientation sensitive.
So it's basically gonna point
to the share button and
say tap this, add me,
add to the home screen.
This has been around for about ten years.
It is still the go to solution.
It's fantastic.
And it's a great example of a library that
does something simple, where if we all
tried to it ourselves we would leave out
a lot of important edge and corner cases.
It does one job and
it does it really, really well.